Yo sister-in-law, why are you here?
Anzi, you are here too, where is your brother knife?
Is Brother Dao here too?
I guess I didn't notice that.
Sister-in-law, can you go first?
I'll go over later to toast you and Brother Dao
How much?
Shit
I forgot. Something happened.
That's not right, isn't sister-in-law looking for a knife?
Why did they arrest my sister-in-law?
Hey, you all heard me clearly
Gather all brothers
Go to each intersection immediately and find me a car
I have sent the photo to the group.
If anyone finds this car, I will save him 1 million
Why didn't Brother Dao answer the phone?
Brother Dao is in a hurry
Sister-in-law was kidnapped
I guess it's for revenge
If you see this message, hurry up and find a way, Brother Knife.
rely on